lightly flour on one side only this just
helps create that sort of crispy skin
which is what we're looking for and then
I'm going to finish them through the
oven they're just going to be kept warm
while we cook the tomatoes and the
shrimp's together in the same pan I
suggest that you put two to three
tablespoons of oil in here so you've got
enough to create that really sort of
crunchy finish to the red mullet itself
so while we're waiting for that there's
one other flavor I'm also going to be
adding to this and it's garlic so I'm
just going to chop this you notice I'm
not really crushing it a little bit more
chunky so every now and again you just
get that little bite so just one clove
will be plenty I don't anything to
really master this fish it's only there
to help it along I think yes that sounds
okay just about right there probably
going to take maximum five to six
minutes in the pan just to crisp up
really well because that's the most
important thing I want to get that nice
crunch happening on the skin itself and
then we'll quickly flip them over
without sealing on the flesh side
straight onto this tray so consequently
while we're running them through the
ovens that's how they're going to
continue to cook and you only need that
oven on well not too high I put me a gas
mark 5 about 190 degrees Butler of
course if you've got a convection oven
there we have the red mullet you can see
now just startin to crisp up around the
outside there let's put them into the
oven
literally couple of minutes and they're
going to be ready so we turned some heat
into this pan and remember there's quite
a lot of olive oil in there Oh already
so let's go in with the shrimps and
start to warm them through you can hear
that all happening toss those in the oil
and now lots and lots of tomato
looked at that just an abundance of
flavor errors in their their juices will
mix with the olive oil consequently
almost making a dressing for me now I
like to add extra olive oil here to
create that dressing we're going to have
an extra five tablespoons so in total
we've used eight tablespoons of olive
oil here but think about it for four
people that's not an awful lot just two
tablespoons of portion and of course
with the juices we're going to take from
the shrimp's from the tomatoes that's
going to create our flavor let's set our
garlic so that can just cook a little
bit into the dish something else we
shouldn't ignore certainly when you're
in August is herbs here well let me show
you first I've got some lovely chervil
there's some flat parsley these have
just been picked some basil leaves
tarragon leaves and some chives right I
think we're almost ready we can turn it
out now and just add the lemon juice to
it and some pepper salt this is the kind
of texture we should be looking for I do
like it if they're starting to break
around the outside that's how we're
starting to release all of their juices
into the dressing itself and you can see
they've taken on almost the color of the
tomato as well right
herbs
it's time to remove I wish from you
and they are cooked literally in that
time you'll notice there's no bubbling
there's no sizzling is just a little
crispy topping so underneath they're
going to be really really succulent to
eat and I did say lots of tomatoes and I
really wasn't joking was I I mean this
is just sheer extravagance
and now all we're going to do just sit
the Phillips
so there we are